Yggdrasil...
There's no mistaking it.
This is Alne,
the center of Alfheim and the largest city in this world!
Yeah. We finally made it, huh?
It's my first time coming to such a massive city.
Me too.
The lights of the mineral towers look like stardust.
The server will go offline to undergo scheduled
maintenance today, January 22nd, from 4 AM to 3 PM.
Please log out at least ten minutes in advance.
I repeat, the server will go offline to undergo
scheduled maintenance today, January 22nd...
I guess that's it for today.
I repeat, the server will go offline to undergo
scheduled maintenance today, January 22nd...
Let's head to an inn to log out.
I repeat, the server will go offline to undergo
scheduled maintenance today, January 22nd...
Okay.
All right, let's look for one to stay at then.
My wallet's starved now, so
I'd prefer somewhere plain.
That's what you get for trying to impress Sakuya
and the others by donating everything you had.
You should've kept enough for at least
one night of lodging expenses.
Well, you heard your Papa.
Is there an affordable inn nearby?
Hm...
Looks like there's a dirt cheap inn down that way.
D-Dirt cheap, huh?
Come on, let's go.
Hey, wait up, Kirito-kun!
These feelings I had buried are crying out.
kakushiteta kanjou ga himei wo ageteru
I'll hold on to these steadfast vows.
tashikana chikai wo te ni
Seeking but a miracle,
kiseki dake wo motome
I wander in the unrelenting darkness
kienai yami wo samayou
If I remain here, I'll only be trapped in the present.
doko ni ireba nidoto mirai miru koto dekinai
The moon beckons again tonight,
koyoi mo tsuki ga sasotte
and while I still can't voice my feelings,
mada kotoba dasenai kedo
I continue to scream inside my heart.
kokoro no naka sakebitsuzuketa
These feelings I had buried are crying out.
kakushiteta kanjou ga himei wo ageteru
I'll hold on to these steadfast vows.
tashikana chikai wo te ni
If only I could have become a little bit stronger,
ato honno sukoshi dake tsuyoku nareta nara
I would have flown far above these skies
me no mae ni aru kono sora koete yuku kara
and reached out to the future beyond here.
kono saki ni aru mirai ni te wo nobasu kara
That's...
Morning, Sugu.
Good morning, Onii-chan.
You look completely exhausted.
What time did you go to bed last night?
Um... around four, I guess.
Kids shouldn't be staying up that late.
What kept you up for so long?
Well... some stuff online.
All things in moderation, okay?
Not that I'm one to talk, though.
Hey, Sugu, turn around for a second.
Just do it.
Is this good?
Just how long does this go on for?
What's this? A guide map?
Where...
Where can I find a console to log out at?
Experiment?
Onii-chan,
treat me to green tea shaved ice with red bean and
raspberry cream pie if you want me to forgive you.
I really mean it.
Fine.
Good.
Then how does today sound?
I only have plans for this afternoon, but I'm
thinking of going to the hospital this morning.
Oh, I see.
Say, Onii-chan.
Can I come along with you to the hospital?
Oh, feel free.
I'm sure Asuna would like that.
Yeah.
All right, let's eat!
What is this?
...by stimulating the limbic system of the brain,
it might be possible to manipulate
thoughts, emotions, and even memories.
They're suffering!
All of them are...
How...
How terrible!
He can't get away with this.
No, I'll make sure he doesn't.
Bear with it.
I'll save you soon.
Well then, I wonder how they're doing.
Oh, this guy's dreaming about Spica-chan again.
Fields B13 and 14 are off the charts.
16's getting rather high too.
He's very excited.
Could it just be a coincidence?
This is only the third time.
No, it's undoubtedly caused by
the emotion-incitement circuits.
For it to be observed at this frequency
shows it's past the threshold.
Anyway, guess we'll put him down
as a sample for regular monitoring.
Hey, Onii-chan, what are you gonna do about school?
School?
You were supposed to start
high school last year, right?
Well...
I heard that there's a plan to turn a local high
school that was closed due to reorganization
into a special school for middle and high
school students who were trapped in SAO.
We're now departing.
Supposedly, there's no entrance exam and graduates
will be able to take exams to go to university.
Oh, really?
Although it sounds like a reasonable idea,
won't the victims feel like they're just being isolated?
Well, we did spend over two years
stuck inside a brutal game of death.
There's no telling how it may
have affected us mentally.
So maybe it's to keep an eye on all of us.
That's just...
But if I were to try to test into a regular high school,
I'd have to study an entire
year at a prep school to pass.
Of course, I could always just take the exams cold.
You'd do fine on an entrance exam.
You've always had good grades, after all.
That's a thing of the past.
I haven't studied in the past two years.
Then I'll be your private tutor!
Then maybe I'll ask for help with
math and information processing.
That's...
A system console?
Great, they haven't noticed me yet.
Please work!
This is it!
This hospital is enormous.
The interior is amazing too.
It's like a hotel.
"Yuuki Asuna"-san.
So her character name was her real name, huh?
There aren't many people who do that.
I didn't expect you to know that.
Asuna's the only person I've
ever known who does that.
I'll introduce you.
This is Asuna.
Vice Commander of the Knights of the Blood.
Asuna the Flash.
She had speed and precision in her
swordsmanship that I was never able to match.
Asuna, this is my sister, Suguha.
N-Nice to meet you, Asuna-san.
Who are you?
And just what exactly are you doing here?
Hey, put me down.
I'm a friend of Sugou-san.
He gave me permission to have a look
around and I was on my way out.
Oh? I don't remember hearing about that.
How about you?
Doesn't ring a bell.
Besides, this isn't exactly the type of
place we'd let people tour around in.
Wait a second.
You're her, aren't you?
The girl that Sugou-chan keeps
locked up at the top of Yggdrasil.
Oh yeah. Now that I remember.
It's not fair that the boss has
such a cute girl all to himself.
There, there, behave yourself.
Stop it!
Let me go, you monster!
Jeez, that's a harsh thing to say.
You know, we're in the middle of
a deep-sense mapping experiment.
You're both scientists, right?
Aren't you ashamed to be participating
in this illegal and inhumane research?
I think it's more humane than sticking electrodes into
the exposed brains of experimental animals though.
They're all just dreaming, after all.
Yes, exactly.
Sometimes, we even show them
delightfully euphoric dreams.
It almost makes me want to take their place.
You're insane.
The boss is on a business trip, right?
Log out of here and ask him
what we should do with her.
Fine.
Hey, don't mess around on your own while I'm gone.
Yeah, I hear you.
Get going already.
Let go! Let me go so I can leave!
No can do!
The boss would murder me for that.
Forget that, how about we have some
fun with electric drugs instead?
I'm just sick of playing with dolls all the time, you see.
S...
Stop it!
What are you...
Stop!
S-Stop! Ow!
Okay, I'll stop now!
I forgot that I disabled the pain absorber.
What are you doing?
Nothing at all.
Anyway, what did the boss say?
He went ballistic.
He said to put her back in the birdcage
above the lab, change the password,
and keep her under surveillance around the clock.
Darn. And here I thought I could finally have some fun.
Let's at least walk her back instead of teleporting.
I want to enjoy this feeling for a bit longer.
So she's your type too, huh?
Come on now, just relax.
Keep still.
Let me go already!
She's beautiful.
For someone like her to still be asleep...
Maybe I shouldn't have come, after all.
I still don't understand my feelings.
I thought I would if I met Asuna-san.
But...
do I just want to be a good sister?
Or do I...
Onii-chan...
See you.
Let's play again if we get the chance.
I won't lose, Kirito-kun.
I'll never give up.
I'll escape this place if it's the last thing I do!
Leafa?
What's wrong, Leafa?
Um...
The thing is, Kirito-kun...
I... I...
I had my heart broken.
I...
I'm sorry for saying stuff like this to
you when we hardly know each other.
It's bad etiquette to bring real
world problems here, after all.
Whether it's in the real world or here,
it's okay to cry when it hurts.
There's no rule that says you
can't express emotion in a game.
Kirito-kun...
I love my brother.
But I can't ever let him know that.
I have to bury these feelings deep inside my heart.
So I can forget about them someday.
I'm fine now.
Thanks, Kirito-kun.
You're a nice guy.
There are quite a few people
who'd disagree with you on that.
Want to log off for today?
I think I can make it on my own from here, anyway.
No, I've come this far already.
I'll stick with you until the end.
Come on, let's go.
Yui, you here?
Good morning, Papa, Leafa-san.
Morning, Yui-chan.
Hey, I was wondering since yesterday...
Um, do Navi-Pixies sleep at night?
Of course not.
But when Papa's not around, I disable my input
channels and organize accumulated data,
so, in a sense, it's similar to human sleep.
But you yawned just now.
Humans yawn during their boot-up sequence, right?
Papa does it for an average of eight seconds.
You don't need to disclose weird facts like that.
Well then, let's head out.
Sure.
It's so lively here.
Just what you'd expect from the center of Alfheim.
It looks like players of all races from all
across the continent are gathered here.
So that's... Yggdrasil.
Yeah.
Seeing it up close like this is breathtaking.
Um, there's supposedly a city
at the top of this tree and...
The Fairy King Oberon and the
fairies of light, the Alf, live there,
and the first race to have an audience with the
king is said to be able to reincarnate into Alfs.
Can you climb up from the outside?
The area around the trunk is designated
as an off-limit area, so that's not possible.
And even if you tried to fly up, you'd hit the
flight limit long before you reached the top.
I heard that a group of people flew on each
other's shoulders to overcome the limit though.
Oh, that incident.
Apparently, they almost reached the branches.
The GMs must have been in a panic
because it was patched shortly after.
Now there's supposedly a
barrier just above the clouds.
I see.
For now, let's head over to the roots.
Yeah, got it.
Once you pass through that gate, you'll be at
the center of the world, Alne's central district.
Hey, Yui. What's wrong?
Mama...
Mama's here.
Really?
There's no mistake.
Um...
This player ID is Mama's.
Her coordinates are right above us!
Kirito-kun—
Wait!
Kirito-kun!
Higher and higher, I stretch out my hands
takaku takaku kono te wo nobashite
and pray once more, "Someday, someday."
kitto kitto tte mou ichido negau kara
My endless feelings are lost
tomedonai omoi wa
in these ordinary days.
nichijou ni nomarete
They waver and change shape yet again.
yurameki nagara mata katachi wo kaeteitta
I wonder if I'm too late,
imasara mou osoi kana
but there's no answer in sight.
henji mo nai jimonjitou
Every decision is up to me,
subete wa sou jibun shidai
whether it's the beginning or the end.
owari mo hajimari mo
Higher and higher, I stretch out my hands.
takaku takaku kono te wo nobashite
Flying towards the gentle light, I flap my wings.
yasashii hikari wo mezashite habatakuyo
I embrace the passion
kokoro ni tomoshita
that flared up in my heart
jounetsu mo daite
and pray once more, "Someday, someday."
kitto kitto tte mou ichido negau kara